chore(*): regenerate release notes for March 2nd 2021 release (#610)
firebase/extensions: storage-resize-images/CHANGELOG.md

## Version 0.1.19

> feature - added multiple image formats to res… (#579)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature - Added ability to configure multiple image output types for an image (#579)
```
